I'm gonna have fun with her correlation
what's really
oh mother I'm really not fun with
our maybe mom and daughter yeah he's
good it's a fantasy I'm mad or something
holy cow nobody mighty my people want to
say to think of sit back you tears
you're gonna notice something need time
you hear a party noise neat I think
they're farting noise the person sitting
next to you wants the most amazing air
biscuit in your mouth was wide open if
you cook that in
you took that and you walked right into
it and it burns on the way down in turn
you are not allowed to spit up grow up
or any anybody around you but you will
let that person next to you know that
they are disgusting human being you are
not allowed to touch them you're not
allowed to touch me
but need to be there farting noise
somebody sitting that's you launch the
biscuit it does not taste nor smell well
there is gonna start to why you guys
watch their eyes in their nose right
there I you just start where your nose
you start to learn it is the most pain
see ever tasted or smelled in your life
do not touch the person sitting next and
we can't agree sit back at yours eyes
wide open one two three you guys would
start like five more minutes honey
animals what's wrong with you there
what's time like at five one is I
appreciate you guys I got a couple of
things I got a handle first and legal
stuff and then we'll start and I
appreciate you guys ballin carry the
first thing I talked about is some CSI a
couple of CDs for weight loss and
smoking we'll talk about those a little
bit later so you interested losing a few
pounds through the holidays which most
people gain weight comes in the
afterwards we're also talking
so next one fit me a million times worse
there's only one thing that can see you
the shoe that you have on your ground on
your food is a gas mess on the counter
for you verify gasps that's what you
think
got that far booth do not let it out
stole your pants we're talking every
color rainbow is gonna be in your
we're talking blue red green corn seed
everything's okay in there do not let it
out do not let any help on the count of
three do not let that turn will come out
I'm telling you right now don't let it
out on the Calvary to skip that part
ruin all by the way if it does come out
by chance if that's come out you're
gonna clean it you're really really good
one for you to stuff that fart room you
know don't you wookie
good
that's disgusting everybody believe all
the way down sweep all the way down give
me some love